Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.
 
1. IAM policy is not following the principle of least privilege, IAM policies allow full "*" administrative privileges. 
2. The root user not enable MFA.
3. CloudTrail Trail is not specified, and configured for multi-region.
4. Application Load balancer does not have configured to redirect HTTP request to HTTPS.
5. VPC Security Groups allow all allow inbound and outbound traffic which violates the AWS recommendation.
6. TCP port 5000 is reachable from the internet on the EC2 instance.
7. S3 bucket logging is disabled.


Bonus - provide recommendations on how to remediate the vulnerabilities.

1. IAM policies should not allow full "*" administrative privileges, review IAM policies and remove any unnecessary or overly broad permissions, limit the permissions of the role to the minimum required for its function. 
2. The root user has full access to all the resources and services in AWS account. It is strongly recommended enable multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the root user to add an extra layer of security to account.
3. Create a CloudTrail that is stored on S3 and enable the multi-region option.
4. Configure Application Load Balancer to redirect HTTP requests to HTTPS. HTTPS uses TLS (SSL) to encrypt the HTTP requests and responses, preventing eavesdropping and tampering.
5. The VPC default security group should not allow inbound and outbound traffic. Allow only the necessary traffic for resources. It should avoid using 0.0.0.0/0 or ::/0 as the source or destination for rules, as this allows all IPv4 or IPv6 addresses to access resources.
6. Disable all other non-necessary ports on the EC2 instance, should also use secure protocols, such as HTTPS (port 443) or SSH (port 22), and encrypt your traffic with SSL certificates or SSH keys.
7. S3 bucket logging should be enabled. Logging can help troubleshoot operational or security issues, analyze customer behavior, and understand Amazon S3 bill.
